still Snoop Dogg a di di guess who's
back once you step through this
threshold day you'll be a part one of
the most feared and respected groups
that they is hello who the hell are you
I don't think they've ever seen a white
person before trust me is not the
problem I'm looking to join the Crenshaw
Kings are you yeah I just want you to
protect him why he's in the inside mr.
I'm too good for the hood bow show ass
up off this rock port side wait I'm
sorry I didn't understand a word you
said i sentence you the maximum security
prison you have 30 days to get your
affairs in order I didn't do it listen
you just ain't quittin yeah daddy teach
me how to survive in prison the way you
did wait what I could pay you see you
tomorrow convict why would he hire you
cuz he thinks I went to prison you're
not exactly a thug Darnell all i gotta
do is be every stereotype he already
thinks I am hey please don't walk away
from me I can do Becky let's say you get
from this embodiment person who sued you
mad dog face the flag I'm sorry what's
the matter man cool like a pit born only
Oh what are you doing James I'm sad
dogging you James I think that's a
strategy that could work please don't
sexually assault me I'm already too sad
maybe I won't you punch that big-ass
during the mouth that's insane well
don't that vaginal see insane quick hey
guys I want to fight you some kind of
joke huh your mother's a joke
your train is not going well but I got a
plane thank god you're gonna learn what
when life don't you dick you make
dickade decade doesn't sound like a
significant improvement over dick me do
this we do it hard I could get hard
we're about to simulate a prison riot I
totally feel fine oh I see you look fine
this is where I need to get